hey guys it's Megan and Liz and we're
gonna start something new this beauty
video every month we are going to pick
out a hairstyle from the from month 17
and we're gonna attempt to do it so so
if 17 wins 17 wins but if ya dominate
sweet dominus yeah well we'll decide at
the end if it's if it's a good hairstyle
or bad hairstyle so uh here we go
so today's hairstyle is called the
pretty apoo alright and it's in the
section called brave new styles hold
onto your brush this spring's hottest
new styles are a little bit wild but
totally wearable yeah yeah here that's
this little this little number so my
prediction for this hairstyle is that
it's going to be a thumbs down hmm I
don't know I'm gonna give it a I'm not
gonna give it anything yet I think that
if it's done properly you could could be
cute
we'll see so the directions for this
hairstyle are maximize your styling
impact with over-the-top texture use a
curling iron all over your hair which we
we have done this is her hair's already
been curls that's good um then tease the
hair with a brush or comb then pin down
and smooth the front for a look that's
more polished
alright here we go alright so I'm just
teasing the hair here you just take a
comb and you kind of just like pick it
up and go like
like that it's really not the best river
here but I mean for this hairstyle it's
fine I'm doing this all over spring with
hairspray maybe this is like the bedhead
look you know what I'm saying like the
me feel like I'm so cool like actually
do my hair but I'm doing like but you're
doing your hair that's the genius behind
it all right I think that's that's about
that's about as T's as I think we should
get here all right
pretty coupe accomplished all right so
photo in the magazine looking like this
so the perfect for this hairstyle is
yeah I'm not digging it put the other
thumb down okay all right I think maybe
you know depending on your style if you
wanted to try it you could rock it but
whoever could get a really nice messy
bun nice messy bun there's no silver
lining a nice messy bun is gonna come
from this the quote this video is lost
time is never found again it's by
Benjamin Franklin so I think what Ben
Franklin is trying to teach us is that
time is very valuable and it's lost it's
the only thing that you can never get
back once it's gone so you should always
make the best of your timing so we want
you guys to try this hairstyle I mean if
you want maybe it's more your style yeah
well maybe it'll come out for you guys
yeah tweet us your pictures if it comes
out at Megan and Liz and or put them on
Facebook yeah or leave us a comment you
know tell us about worked yeah we wanted
out what to do differently yeah
you